welcome to mystery reboot king darius of
persia leads his persian army towards
greece throughout the battle of marathon
themistuckles the athenian leader led
his own force to them on the coasts as
the greeks slaughter the persians one
after the other femus duckles is able to
take shot at darius who is aboard his
ship observing the slaughter themis
duckles prepares his bow and arrows for
the deed that will make him a legend in
greek mythology he lets go of the bow
just as xerxes darius's child comes to
observe despite his best efforts he
arrives too late to save his dad from
the arrow that has already pierced him
xerxes embraces his father and gazes
intently at thiemus duckles who is
standing nearby gorgo warned xerxes that
he made an error not killing him while
he had the opportunity and he turns away
darius has been brought back to his
country to die artemisia darius leading
naval officer joins him in xerxes she is
considered to be as gorgeous as she is
cruel she holds darius's hand and hers
while they speak at the end of his life
he advises xerxes that now the greeks
should be left alone artemisia ends his
agony by removing the arrow from his
chest xerxes remains in grief at his
dad's passing for a week when artemisia
embraces xerxes on the eighth day he
realizes the parting words he heard from
his dad we're not even a warning they
were a challenge she informs him that if
the deities can overcome the greeks he
would become the deity king after
artemisia sends xerxes out into the sand
and shackles the king emerges from the
cave to see a dazzling stream of gold
liquid xerxes takes over motivated by a
terrible thirst for power and vengeance
as described by gorgo xerxes appears
golden haired with blazing red eyes and
a foot bigger than before artemisia on
the other hand goes around killing all
of xerxes previous supporters artemisia
follows behind him as he travels to
persia and addresses the people he cries
out for the sake of glory war the
persians are ecstatic and they scream
their support while xerxes prepares to
command his force on ground into
thermopylae artemisia prepares her fleet
at sea he enters into a spartan practice
session where a team of spartans is
beating down on one man who is
attempting to strike back dilios
approaches them as tacos and advises him
that leonidas has indeed begun to march
his troops on walk noting that he has
already disposed the ambassador sent
from persia gorgo meets with
themistuckles to remind him that the
spartans do not believe in the such
things as a free country as he does on
artemis's boat a captive is presented
before her he reprimands two of her
bodyguards for being greeks serving for
a woman of greek ancestry but loyal to
an enemy country artemisia pulls out her
sword and proclaims i may be greek but
my heart is persian she beheads the guy
and tosses his head overboard she spots
a soldier she doesn't recognize on board
well then permit me to present myself he
says before slaughtering numerous
persians celias is an athenian warrior
dispatched to investigate on the
persians he dives into the water to
prevent being struck by the persian's
arrows salia's writes back to themist
occles and his subordinate equilos
together with his child callisto salias
reports them that artemisia is leading
the persians at ocean she is thought to
be the lone survivor of an assault on
her village her backstory is revealed in
a flashback as a kid artemisia stood
powerless and horrified as her mom and
dad were killed directly in front of her
eyes a warrior from the conquering side
approaches artemisia and strikes her
across the face and over decades the
troops molested and mistreated the girl
until she was found dead on the roadside
she is rescued and cared for by the
persian envoy peter mensah the very same
man lean it is through into the hole she
intended to return to greece when she
became ready to watch its devastation
artemisia is trained in fighting by the
envoy throughout time she shows to be
swift and lethal and as an adult she
transports numerous decapitated heads of
darius adversaries to him gaining her
the title is his commander even with
this information and consideration
themis thuckles plans his military
strategy it kills reminds out that their
little navel is outnumbered by the much
bigger persian fleet and that the
operation is suicidal that is the
strategy themis duckles responds
believing in his soldiers themis duckles
takes them all out to the aegean sea in
which artemisia commands her navy her
general our deference reminds her that
colonel bhandari has planned his tactic
for leading the warships against the
greeks demus ducals inspires confidence
in the men by motivating them to battle
alongside those who support them the
athenians crash their warships into the
persian warships rushing with full might
and rage at them this results in another
terrible battle in which many persians
are caught in the crossfire of the
athenians sally is in callisto battle
beside each other with callisto throwing
spears against the persians dissatisfied
with the outcome artemisia has been dary
tied and tossed into the sea where he
descends to his drowning end the
generals believe she is dissatisfied
with the loss of her soldiers but she
confesses to being dissatisfied with
them in particular she reconsiders over
the idea of having someone at her side
the following day the athenians forced
the persians to navigate their warships
into a fissure forcing the main warship
to become trapped and the remaining
warships to collide with it the
athenians leap from the rocks and keep
killing the persians tashani the second
commander to command them is
assassinated by femus tacos salias
notices callisto entering the battle but
he plainly does not want his son be
injured from her warship artemisia
examines themstockel's strategies and
leadership art afrins takes a boat to
the beaches where the athenians had set
up tents in order to transport themist
uncles to artemisia's barge when she
brings him inside her private room she
compliments him on his bravery
throughout the war she questions him
whether he has anybody in athens with
whom he battles according to themis
duckles he has no opportunity for a
spouse or kids artemisia encourages him
to join her so he would not have to deal
with adversity or responsibilities they
then begin having heart intense and
brutal intimacy when artemisia repeats
her proposal femusdachos merely says no
and artemisia furiously pushes him off
of her shouting to him that he's not
really a deity but a man vemus duckles
arrives to the camp telling his troops
that artemisia is ready to wreak havoc
on them the persian warships pour oil
into the sea and guards swim out towards
the athenians with bombs attached on
their backs the persians use burning
arrows to light the oil as callisto
watches artemisia unleashes yet another
barrage of arrows this time hitting silo
three times a huge persian tosses
torches to keep the fires ablaze an
arrow hits him and he loses the torch
lighting himself on fire he falls into
the oil forcing a fire surge to hit an
athenian warship but also leading the
persian ship to detonate artemisia fires
another flaming arrow at a persian on
themsduckle's ship striking the man's
back as he gets aboard he urges
everybody to lead the ship in charges at
the persian themis duckles is killed as
the bomb detonates destroying the ship
artemisia triumphantly watches her enemy
drown femus duckless drowns in the water
with his slain companions in the
distance he saw these serpent-like
monsters start swimming and devouring
them callisto wakes themselves from his
dream he believes this tragedy may have
been orchestrated to tame his ego or
recall him of his failure to slay xerxes
themasduckles reaches silence as he is
dying he advises his companion to keep
fighting before dying demystacles
laments the loss of his companion in
response to callisto's query about his
dad's final words themis duckles assures
him that he will enlighten him about
them when the time comes unsure xerxes
and his troops had slaughtered leonidas
and his 300 men the crows peck at the
eyeballs of the fallen spartans as the
persians walk on triumphantly a courier
brings the report to themstackles he
travels to sparta to face effialts the
disfigured hunchback who deceived and
sold the spartans to xerxes he does not
tremble apparently sorry for his deeds
as themistuckles brings his blade to him
stating that there is very little
elegance in him and even less in what
he's committed effie else goes on to say
that xerxes is marching his troops to
athens in order to damage it themis
duckles keeps him alive so he can send
the news to the persians that the greeks
would die fighting themsduckles travels
to queen gorgo to meet with her dilios
who is now mostly blind cautions him not
to anticipate a friendly reception vorgo
is still very much in grief over her
dad's death while themisduckles pushes
her to continue fighting she declines to
take any more spouses dads or kids out
to be slaughtered he gives her lean at
his blade claiming it belongs to her
gorgo breaks down in tears at the look
of it athens is conquered by the persian
empire as his troops bring chaos to the
population and burn everything up xerxes
proudly raises lean at his head just
above city he proceeds to boast about
his triumph claiming that themistacles
was nothing more than a wimp effie else
comes to xerxes and are dementia to
announce that the greeks headed yet
again by themis tacos are actively
taking their war back into the ocean
artemisia swears to eliminate the
athenians once and for all after hearing
his name and discovering he is not dead
she walks away to formulate her order
demus duckles realizes that his soldiers
may be tired of fighting understanding
that they too would reject to see even
more carnage he advises people to act
for themselves and to immediately leave
if they want to keep their freedoms but
he also desired to stay in battle let it
be seen that we choose to perish on our
legs rather than survive on our knees
the athenians applauded in their final
confrontation the small number of
athenians confront the massive persian
navy at sea themistacles notify callisto
his dad's dying words which are that he
has deserved a seat at the table so
themisduckles and artemisia are
preparing to command their armies into
combat once more when their warships
meet the athenians attack the persians
battling rapidly and ruthlessly
artemisia is not someone to sit back and
watch holds her two blades and battles
the greeks slaying as many as she can on
her own through the fight themis duckles
mounts his horse till he joins
artemisia's warship he tells her of her
initial deal and states that he still
answers no she becomes enraged and
initiates a duel with him he fights
fiercely and she jokes that he battles
more than he [ __ ] they battle until
they have both of their blades at each
other's throats themistackels proceeds
to reject the idea of partnering
artemisia telling her that it is best
for her to give up we see gorgo
commanding her spartan soldiers
repeatedly telling them the narrative
from the start developing into her own
inspiring speech as they approach the
persian armada troops from other ally
nations also joined the war this is
something femus tacos brings out now to
artemisia while he still has his blade
to her throat he asks her to give up she
refuses and takes her blade to slay but
themistockles immediately thrusts his
blade into her abdomen artemisia gets
down on her knees in her last seconds
she witnesses the allied soldiers
surrounding her fleet xerxes who is
standing on the cliff edge turns his
back on her artemisia eventually
collapses deceased just the same as
gorgo and dillios bored her warship to
accompany themist huckles the spartans
and athenians team up together to
finally destroy the persians like and
subscribe it helps check one of these
videos bye